#
I once saw a flood at the time of the comet. A drought had left the
land parched and hard, unable to absorb. The river had worn down its
banks. The comet was no cause, but no-one could forget how it stood in
the sky while houses sank, horses fled, and how the few survivors
traveled on rafts until they reached the Mountain. Their children and
their children's children feared the valley in case it flooded again,
but younger generations told each other it was the comet's fault, and
as it had not been seen again, the valley was safe.
~
#
Before any of your stories, there were kingdoms scattered like fallen
leaves here. The flood that came when the comet did left so few, and
washed away so much, that you became one people, who knew of little
before the waters.
~
#
The first comet after the flood was a cause of panic. It seemed that
the hubris of returning to the valley was about to lead to destruction
by flood again. I saw the people reach out, desperate for anything to
save them. One man found one of my cousins, falling towards him as he
strove. Their lives joined, and the new Sorcerer-King told the fearful
he had banished the waters and demanded their allegiance.
~
#
Beware the stars that fall to your world. The Sorcerer-King found one,
and while the powers it wielded for him let him claim he had held the
flood at bay when the comet came, it consumed him from the
inside. When there was nothing left, the fallen star fled, to seek
another it could inhabit, heedless of the collapsing monarchy it left
behind.
~
#
When the Sorcerer-King was just a distant memory, there were those
among you who looked to our home and asked for blessings of the
night. They did not believe the dark sky would send the Sorcerer-King
and his demon with one comet and not bring balance with another, so
they did not fear its arrival. They were surprised when evil did
arrive, in the form of their own neighbors who worshipped the bright
day and feared the comet. But, they began to learn to listen to what
we had to say, and as such we warned them of what was coming.
~
#
Tales of the Sorcerer-King's demon kept some frightened of the
night. They whispered of how it waited in the wilderness for the lost
and the desperate, and gave them fire, then laughed as it consumed
them. They turned to the Sun and begged for help. If the comet had not
destroyed them last time, they feared, it would at its next
appearance.
#
One among those who worshipped the Sun grew anxious during prayers,
and pushed through his fear and doctrine to search us for answers. He
found one willing to say what he wanted to hear, rather than just the
truth. It told him he could be strong, and those who followed the
night were weak. All it truly wanted was death.
~
#
The fallen star knows the comet brings fear, even though the followers
of the night prevailed against the day and all now learn to watch
us. The vengeful one it made into a new sorcerer allowed it to disrupt
the delicate calm that had settled since the war. In return, she
taught it to feed on dynasties, not individuals.
